Triage/Qualification Questions for Anthos

Customer 1:
What are some of your bottle necks, and points of pain?
How are you managing your life cycle of clusters today?
How many clusters do you have? Are these clusters multiple cloud? Hybrid cloud?
Networking restrictions? Does the cluster need to be private or air gapped? 
Are there times where the cluster needs to account for disconnected mode? 
Onprem environment bare metal or using a hypervisor such as vmware? 
Day 2 ops features you like to utilize? 
Are the care.ai accounts okay with connecting to care.ai google cloud project to be managed? *Anthos have network limitations on managing clusters.
If projects can’t connect to care.ai google cloud project.. Are they okay with managing each individual account’s cluster via a service account (one service account per care.ai customer)? 
If the answer to 4 and 5 is no then does anthos still provide value to customer? 
Are the clusters multi tenant or single tenant? 
Does customer want to establish gke clusters as standard on prem, multi cloud, and on gcp?
Do you have any containerized workload? What favor of k8 do you currently use? 
What level of expertise does your organization currently have in Kubernetes and container technologies?
What is your timeline for implementing Anthos?
What are your business goals for implementing Anthos?
Are you looking to migrate your workloads to the cloud or do you already have a cloud presence?

Customer 2:
Networking restrictions? Need networking team involved bridge gap between on prem and cloud.
Are there times where the cluster needs to account for disconnected mode? 
Onprem environment bare metal? 
Engineering team on their side? resources?
Goal for POC? Offer to do on own hardware or on their cloud environment
What do you define as success? Performance & pricing. KPI increase in latency and overall performance. Average transaction time for shoppers.
Are the clusters multi tenant or single tenant? 

Yanni-schedule:

06/22 grad is due
07/04 vacation
